    GNU AFFERO GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
    Version 3, 19 November 2007

    Copyright (C) 2025 JobsonMarinho
    Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
    of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

            Preamble

The GNU Affero General Public License is a free, copyleft license for
software and other kinds of works, designed to ensure freedom to share
and change all versions of a program--to make sure it remains free for
all its users.

This License is a newer version of the GNU General Public License but
with an additional term designed to ensure that users who interact with
the licensed software over a network receive the source code for that
software.

The Free Software Foundation developed the GPL as a response to the
growing trend of proprietary software, which restricts users' freedom.
The GPL ensures that users have the freedom to run, study, share, and
modify the software.

The Affero GPL extends this principle to network services. If you run a
modified program on a server and users interact with it over a network,
the Affero GPL requires you to offer them the source code of your
modified version. This ensures that the freedom to share and change
software is preserved even when the software is used to provide network
services.

This License is designed to apply to any program or other work which
contains a notice placed by the copyright holder saying it may be
distributed under the terms of this GNU Affero General Public License.
The "Program", below, refers to any such program or work, and a "work
based on the Program" means either the Program or any derivative work
under copyright law: that is to say, a work containing the Program or a
portion of it, either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated
into another language. (Hereinafter, translation is included without
limitation in the term "modification".) "Licensees" and "you" refer to
all individuals or organizations that receive, or redistribute, the
Program.

The "source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work for
making modifications to it. "Object code" means any non-source form of
a work.

A "Standard Interface" means an interface that either is an official
standard defined by a recognized standards body, or, in the case of
interfaces specified for a particular programming language, one that is
widely used among developers working in that language.

The "Corresponding Source" for a work in object code form means all
the source code needed to generate, install, and (for an executable
work) run the object code and to modify the work, including scripts to
control those activities. However, it does not include the work's
System Libraries, or general-purpose tools or generally available free
programs which are used unmodified in performing the work but which are
not part of the work. For example, Corresponding Source includes
interface definition files associated with source files, and the source
code for shared libraries and dynamically linked subprograms that the
work is specifically designed to require, such as by intimate data
communication or control flow between those subprograms and other parts
of the work.

The Corresponding Source need not include anything that users can
regenerate automatically from other parts of the Corresponding Source.

The Corresponding Source for a work in source code form is that same
work.

You may convey verbatim copies of the Program's source code as you
receive it, in any medium, provided that you conspicuously and
appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice;
keep intact all notices stating that this License and any
non-permissive terms added in accord with section 7 are applied to the
work; keep intact all notices of the absence of any warranty; and give
all recipients a copy of this License along with the Program.

You may charge any price or no price for each copy of the Program that
you convey, and you may offer support or warranty protection for a fee.

2. Conveying Modified Source Versions.

You may convey a work based on the Program, or the Program itself with
modifications made by you or on your behalf, in source code form,
provided that you meet all the conditions of section 1 with regard to
the Program's source code and all these other conditions:

    a) The work must carry prominent notices stating that you modified
    it, and giving a relevant date.

    b) The work must carry prominent notices stating that it is released
    under this GNU Affero General Public License and under any added
    non-permissive terms allowed in section 7. This requirement modifies
    the requirement in section 4 to "keep intact all notices".

    c) You must license the entire work, as a whole, under this License
    to anyone who comes into possession of a copy. This License will
    therefore apply, along with any applicable section 7 additional
    terms, to the whole, and all its parts, regardless of how they are
    packaged. This License gives no permission to license the work in
    any other way, but it does not invalidate such permission if you
    have received it separately.

    d) If the work has interactive user interfaces, each must display
    Appropriate Legal Notices; but if the Program has interactive
    interfaces that do not display Appropriate Legal Notices, your work
    need not make them do so.

A compilation of a covered work with other separate and independent
works, which are not by their nature extensions of the covered work, and
which are not combined with it such as to form a larger program, in or
on a volume of a storage or distribution medium, is called an
"Aggregate". The Aggregate does not bring the other works under the
scope of this License.

3. Conveying Object Code.

You may convey the Program in object code form under the terms of
sections 1 and 2, provided that you also convey the Corresponding Source
under the terms of this License.

A Corresponding Source conveyed under this License must be in a file
format, or have a structure, that is suitable for the independent
modification of the work. You may convey a copy of the Corresponding
Source alongside each copy of the Program that you convey, or you may
offer access to the Corresponding Source from a server at a location
convenient for the recipient, and for a period of at least three years
after the recipient last received a copy of the Program from you.

4. Terminating the License.

You may not propagate or modify the Program except as expressly
provided under this License. Any attempt otherwise to propagate or
modify the Program is void, and will automatically terminate your rights
under this License.

However, if you cease all violation of this License, then your license
from a particular copyright holder is reinstated (a) provisionally,
unless the copyright holder has terminated your license by expressly
and finally notifying you, and (b) permanently, if the copyright holder
fails to notify you of the violation by some reasonable means prior to
your cessation of the violation.

Moreover, your license from a particular copyright holder is reinstated
permanently if the copyright holder notifies you of the violation by
some reasonable means, this is the first time you have received notice
of violation (for this or any prior version of the Program), and you
cure the violation prior to 30 days after your receipt of the notice.

Termination of your rights under this section does not terminate the
licenses of parties who have received copies or rights from you under
this License. If your rights have been terminated and not permanently
reinstated, you do not qualify to receive new licenses for the same
material under section 1.

5. Future Versions of this License.

The Free Software Foundation may publish new, revised versions of the
GNU Affero General Public License from time to time. Such new versions
will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in
detail to address new problems or concerns.

Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the Program
specifies that a certain numbered version of this License "or any later
version" applies to it, you have the option of following the terms and
conditions either of that numbered version or of any later version
published by the Free Software Foundation. If the Program does not
specify a version number of this License, you may choose any version
ever published by the Free Software Foundation.

6. Disclaimer of Warranty.

THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE
OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU
ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

7. Limitation of Liability.

IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING
WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MODIFIES AND/OR
CONVEYS THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES,
INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT
NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES
SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO
OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

8. Interpretation of Sections 5 and 6.

If the disclaimer of warranty and limitation of liability provided above
cannot be given local legal effect according to their terms, reviewing
courts shall apply local law that most closely approximates an absolute
waiver of all civil liability in connection with the Program, unless a
warranty or assumption of liability accompanies a copy of the Program in
return for a fee.

            END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

    How to Apply These Terms to Your New Programs

If you develop a new program, and you want it to be of the greatest
possible use to the public, the best way to achieve this is to make it
free software so that everyone can redistribute it and change it under
these terms.

To do so, attach the following notices to the program. It is safest to
attach them to the start of every source file to most effectively state
the exclusion of warranty; and each file should have at least the
"copyright" line and a pointer to where the full license text is
located.

    <one line to give the program's name and a brief idea of what it does.>
    Copyright (C) <year> <name of author>

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as
    published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the
    License, or (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
